hi everybody is Shane and today I'm
going to show you how to make scratch
art sheets and we have a mystery guess
we're not going to show her face yet but
we might do it in the video or at the
end the things you will need our
paintbrushes
you only need one but since there's two
people were using to paint but we're
only going to be using the black a cup
of water only three-quarters full though
any kind of construction paper or poster
paper you don't have to use the exact
color but we're going to be using orange
red and it has to feel like kind of
plasticky on one side so once you have
all these products you're good to go
the construction paper the paint we're
only using the black 3/4 of the way full
of water and a cup and two paintbrushes
were you don't need to be using too but
we're using two because we have two
people so the Loom is and why we have
two pieces because and mr. Egan's gonna
have one I'm gonna have one so now
you're gonna need your paintbrushes and
then get your paint I'm gonna need to
open black so we just dipped our
paintbrushes into the water and now
we're just putting the black paint onto
paper and you want to make sure to paint
the whole thing black this is what it
looks like when you're done um we added
a second coat um so you could um taps
have it be like all black and you won't
be able to see the color on it um
because you're gonna take a pencil or
like a piece of wood or something
um scrape it off you could use the back
you can use the back your paintbrush
that's what we're gonna do because we
really don't have anything else and
you're not actually going to use like
things that come into in the package
because I'll kind of mess them up now
all you have to do when you're done
painting is you have to let it dry you
can either let it air dry heat dry or
fan dry and we're gonna let it fan dry
so it's quicker so what we're going to
do is we are going to tilt the fan down
to our papers we're putting it on medium
so it dries quick and it doesn't blow it
away
right in the browser
we had a blown away paper
to the back seat belts didn't fall off
it doesn't blow away
see
we're turning it on high they're gonna
blow away no bourbon on it please Doug
it's done get stuck
boom really done
if you put the banner over them they
don't blow away with all the blood back
and you want a fan that can move like
back and forwards and like tilt so you
can point and angle them down
we had to blow away this is not working
out very well it is a fun tutorial we'll
be showing our mystery guest later at
the end of the video you might have you
have to hear my voice to spin but um
we're gonna be showing our mystery guest
um later at the end of this video
subscribe I dan Cortese
this only has a little bit more um
drying to do
so they're done drying right now so now
I'm just going to take the back of our
paintbrush and I'm just scratch as might
not work out with the back of this but
we don't know it's working good the
woods see that right there so um I just
finished writing it it says how to
budging Cortez with squiggles on the
outside and then I have a heart
shooting star on a shooting star and we
will be showing our special guest in a
few seconds
mm-hmm subscribe thank you guys for
watching thank you guys so much for
watching how to make scratch art bags
and subscribe to my channel subscribe to
my channel how to buy Jatin Cortez so
give this video a thumbs up a rate and
side of my channel and that was a man
he's kind of in the video thank you guys
for watching bye thanks guys